Docs: Panel inspector release highlights (#24686)
grafana/grafana: CHANGELOG.md

Grafana 7.0 comes with a new table panel (and deprecates the old one). This new table panel supports horizontal scrolling and column resize. Paired with the new `Organize fields` transformation detailed above you can reorder, hide & rename columns. This new panel also supports new cell display modes, like showing a bar gauge inside a cell.

### Panel inspector

> The panel inspector is a feature that every panel will support, including internal as well as external community plugins. In this new panel inspector, you can view the raw data in a table format, apply some predefined transformations, and download as CSV. You can find the __Inspect__ setting in the panel menu. Use the keyboard shortcut `i` when hovering over a panel to get the panel inspect draw to appear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The panel inspector is a feature that every panel will support, including internal as well as external community plugins. In this new panel inspector, you can view the raw data in a table format, apply some pre-defined transformations, and download as CSV. You can find the __Inspect__ setting in the panel menu. Use the keyboard shortcut `i` when hovering over a panel to get the panel inspector to appear.
```
